Belts (Original):

Adrenaline Amplifier
a_belt_01
+2 Reflex

Adrenaline Stimulatr
a_belt_18
+4 Saves
+2 Dex

Advanced Adrenaline Amplifier
a_belt_05  
+3 Reflex

Aratech Cardio-Regulator
a_belt_25  
+1 Fort
+3 Con
+1 Str

Aratech Echo Belt
a_belt_29
+4 Dex
+10 Stealth

Aratech SD Belt
a_belt_06  
+2 Stealth
25% vs Sonic

Cardio-Regulator
a_belt_02  
+2 Fort

CNS Strength Enhancer
a_belt_15  
+2 Saves
+2 Strength

Czerka Utility Belt
a_belt_04  
+2 Demolitions
+2 Repair
+2 Security
+3 Treat Injury

Defel Mimicker
a_belt_22  
+3 Dex
+8 Stealth

Electrical Capacitance Shield
a_belt_12  
75% vs Electric

Eriadu Stealth Unit
a_belt_14  
+2 Dex
+6 Stealth

Exchange Shadow Caster
a_belt_10  
+1 Dex
+2 Awareness
+4 Stealth

Exchange Utility Belt
a_belt_16  
+1 Dex
+1 Str
+3 Computer Use
+3 Demolitions
+3 Repair
+3 Security

Frozian Scout Belt
a_belt_23  
+1 Defense
+3 Dex
+3 Stealth

GNS Strength Enhancer
a_belt_26  
+4 Str

Hyper Adrenaline Amplifier
a_belt_09  
+3 Reflex
+1 Dex

Immortality Belt
a_belt_28  
+2 Attack
+1 Con
-10 Energy
-10 Melee

Immunity Belt
a_belt_17  
+1 Attack
+1 Con
-5 Energy
-5 Melee

Inertial Inhibitor
a_belt_11  
+1 Defense
+1 Dex

 Jal Shey Belt
a_belt_20  
+1 Wis
+14 Force Resist

Jal Shey Mentor Belt
a_belt_30  
+2 Wis
+20 Force Resist


Multishield Generator
a_belt_21  
50% vs Electric
50% vs Fire
15% vs Ion

Nerve Amplifier Belt
a_belt_19  
+1 Wis
Immune to Stun, Fear, Horror

Qel-Droma Belt
a_belt_27 
20% vs Dark
20% vs Light

Safety Harness
100_belt01  
+1 Demolitions

Stealth Field Generator
a_belt_03  
Stealth

Strength Enhancer
a_belt_07  
+1 Fort
+1 Str

Systech Cardio-Regulator
a_belt_08
+1 Fort
+1 Con

Tech Specialist Belt
a_belt_24  
+2 Dex
+1 Str
+2 Awareness
+4 Computer Use
+4 Demolitions
+5 Repair
+4 Security
+3 Treat Injury

Thermal Shield Generator
a_belt_13
75% vs Fire




Tech Equip 1 - 261
Tech Equip 2 - 262
Tech Equip 3 - 263
Power Equip 1 - 258
Power Equip 2 - 259
Power Equip 3 - 260
Stealth Belts 1 -267
Stealth Belts 2 - 268
Stealth Belts 3 - 269


Belts (New):

Safety Harness
100_belt01  
+1 Demolitions
(Unchanged)


Adrenaline Amplifier
a_belt_01
+2 Reflex
Tech Equip 1

Advanced Adrenaline Amplifier
a_belt_05  
+3 Reflex
Tech Equip 1

Hyper Adrenaline Amplifier
a_belt_09  
+3 Reflex
+1 Dex
Tech Equip 2

Inertial Inhibitor
a_belt_11  
+1 Defense
+1 Dex
Tech Equip 2

Adrenaline Stimulatr
a_belt_18
+1 Saves
+2 Dex
Tech Equip 3

Czerka Utility Belt
a_belt_04  
+1 Demolitions
+2 Repair
+1 Security
+2 Treat Injury
Tech Equip 1

Exchange Utility Belt
a_belt_16  
+2 Computer Use
+3 Demolitions
+2 Repair
+3 Security
Tech Equip 2

Tech Specialist Belt
a_belt_24  
+4 Computer Use
+3 Demolitions
+4 Repair
+4 Security
+2 Treat Injury
Tech Equip 3



Stealth Field Generator
a_belt_03  
Stealth
Stealth Belts 1

Aratech SD Belt
a_belt_06  
+1 Stealth
10% vs Sonic
Stealth Belts 1

Exchange Shadow Caster
a_belt_10  
+3 Stealth
Stealth Belts 2

Eriadu Stealth Unit
a_belt_14
+5 Stealth
Stealth Belts 2

Defel Mimicker
a_belt_22  
+1 Dex
+6 Stealth
Stealth Belts 3

Frozian Scout Belt
a_belt_23  
+1 Defense
+1 Dex
+4 Stealth
Stealth Belts 3

Aratech Echo Belt
a_belt_29
+2 Dex
+8 Stealth
Stealth Belts 3



Cardio-Regulator
a_belt_02  
+2 Fort
Power Equip 1

Strength Enhancer
a_belt_07  
+1 Str
Power Equip 1

Systech Cardio-Regulator
a_belt_08
+1 Con
Power Equip 1

CNS Strength Enhancer
a_belt_15  
+2 Strength
Power Equip 2

Aratech Cardio-Regulator
a_belt_25
+3 Con
Power Equip 3

GNS Strength Enhancer
a_belt_26  
+3 Str
Power Equip 3

Immunity Belt
a_belt_17
-1 Attack
-5 Energy
-5 Melee
Power Equip 2

Immortality Belt
a_belt_28
-2 Attack
-10 Energy
-10 Melee
Power Equip 3

Electrical Capacitance Shield
a_belt_12  
75% vs Electric
Power Equip 2

Thermal Shield Generator
a_belt_13
75% vs Fire
Power Equip 2

Multishield Generator
a_belt_21  
50% vs Electric
50% vs Fire
10% vs Ion
Power Equip 2

Nerve Amplifier Belt
a_belt_19  
Immune to Stun, Fear, Horror
Power Equip 2

Jal Shey Belt
a_belt_20  
+1 Wis
+8 Force Resist
Power Equip 2

Qel-Droma Belt
a_belt_27
+1 Chr
+1 Wis
Power Equip 3

Jal Shey Mentor Belt
a_belt_30  
+2 Wis
+12 Force Resist
Power Equip 3






















